everybody welcome back to non-line
please the binding of issac entereth
plus it can't possibly be any worse on
the damage spectrum than the last drop
you know what's nice actually you might
think I oftentimes put up I wouldn't say
a facade but two eight zero B CH h7
I wouldn't say of Assad but I put on the
appearance of being unhappy that we have
Anna saves over run because nasal is a
little bit less dynamic than most other
characters because of the built in
strength and brimstone and flying like
as a little strong it's easy mode
however we went through the whole run
last time except for the chest with a
damage stat of 3.5 so I honestly think
that we need to treat ourselves
otherwise I'm going to make like I'm
going to break my mental health in this
game is what I mean to say I people
asked me NL how can you how can you play
this game for so long there's a couple
of answers to that question one of them
is that I genuinely love it another one
is that it's my job
the answer that they're actually looking
for though is you know why do you keep
it fresh and the answer to that question
is very easy first of all the game is
extremely well designed it builds its
own freshness secondly I basically do
what I want I do what feels right in the
game and I think that helps keep it
fresh so this run by the way is just out
of control already so we're obviously
going to be probably completely fine
here but then the fact that you know we
have Anna's asel run I think is a good
example of that I could choose to be
olenin hazel is a baby mode you know we
just want to run that was so hard give
us something you know that you want but
not we're going to I'm going to treat
this as the rest and relaxation that we
deserve after a run now it was garbage
you know what I'm just going to go away
too much about the min maxing of Satanic
Bible as Azazel when we're you know
blowing the doors off this run already
so really what this run comes down to is
do we want to any poops I'm building a
great case to be made fun of if we end
up losing but often times Azazel run
comes as angel runs come down - are you
going to do boss rush are you going to
be my girl a dent that damn that ant
that that
don't know down down doom doom and let
me why not usually you skip ball stress
because you have a built-in teleport
card but we'll see how the world changes
once we get down there
honestly I'm fairly happy to get the
belly button mostly because we have
already handled our HP in such an oven
that was idiotic but we've handled our
HP in such an obvious way that there's
really no reason to want red hearts like
we can actually get enough demon hearts
to justify taking a deal with the devil
that cost exclusively demon hearts now
I'd be saying like the opposite if we
got an HP upgrade on that boss fight but
that's because I like to know it's not
really alliance more I like to focus on
the positive side for most of these
items that we get it's only once we get
I don't know just hypothetically like
eight floors deep and we're still
dealing with base damage I'll deal with
succubus and twenty twenty that I start
to complain about the the run I
generally try to put a positive spin on
things that see things
in the best possible light most of the
time despite the character that I play
on the LSS as well which is just an
exaggerated version of my own you know
perception of societal slice anyway tamo
undies basically irrelevant apparently
like literally irrelevant because i
might as well shoot to shoot this right
here apparently literally irrelevant
because we don't have camo well we're
charging so we want to go into every
single room with the charge here if only
because that's the way we've always done
it so why mess with the formula has been
working out pretty well you know it's um
the Marvel Cinematic Universe Theory
good timing on that good timing on the
joke as well with the you know release
of Wonder Woman recently I'm actually
and this is a meaty subject to talk
about
and I'm not qualified I know that there
are there's fanboy wars over like DC
versus Marvel and and especially
recently the cinematic universe is a lot
of ink spilled online you know people
who are like ah the critics are
sabotaging DC movies as
sighs squad was garbage you know a lot
of people angry at one another
manufacturing things to yell at each
other about and forget the fact that
we're all human beings treating each
other with respect but I digress gears
up that's awesome I mean we're good to
go I think here and if you're passionate
about that stuff that's cool on the same
yeah everybody should treat everybody
well until they've been given a good
reason not to at least but I've said my
piece on DC movies of course like
everybody on planet earth I quite like
the Christopher Nolan Batman films you
know what we should go all the way on
this one
Incubus is fine and duality is going to
be interesting at the very least we'll
try to do angel rooms to get it a little
bit more of a foothold in the experience
of how those angel rooms are better now
or not better as the case may be but I
mean like I think they're literally
better I thought Batman vs Superman was
horrible you might tell me to watch the
director's cut that's fine it's not
going to happen I already I gave it a
chance with the I mean I've got no abyss
that interest in wanting that movie to
be good like I understand if you watch
it and you're like this is bad but I
want it to be good and then you watch
the director's cutting you're like this
is better that's fine but you know I'm
I'm content with my opinion on that
movie and how it turned out in my
opinion but I'm stoked I haven't seen
Wonder Woman yeah but I'm stoked that
apparently it's not just good it's great
I think I think it's a very positive
thing if it in so many different ways
but mostly I'm just happy that there's
like a DC movie that it seems like if I
might like it that's cool I'm quite
pleased about that
and I haven't seen the movie I might
think it's horrible the day you know I
tend to fall in line without the
majority of critics think most of the
time you know I've lived my life like
there's no tomorrow
you really cannot get red hearts at the
end of the world on this run butts done
I can't believe we just squeezed out
there it's so good yeah I've lived my
life long enough and you know looked at
the critical consensus of things long
enough that I I think I'm one of those
guys who mostly the critics represent
the way that I think and there's people
that are very opposite of that you know
ie people
Grandma's Boy and that's fine as well
you know but I do find myself most of
the time if I go see a movie and the
average critic score is like two stars
I'm like as a two star movie couple of
the couple of experiences where I vv8 if
I may be honest with you I on abash idli
I think crank and crank 2 are
masterpieces I think that people tripped
over themselves to show in and I mean I
hate when people do this to me
with hey I got to take this by the way
to make another deal with the angel and
you know we were hopefully fine on HP I
hate when people go old and critical
just he likes that movie because he
wants to seem smart but I'm doing the
inverse here and I also hate it but I
think critics tripped over themselves to
some extent to be like this movie is
dumb and I'm smarter than it I think
Craig 2 is a genius movie very very very
silly but and and over the top of so
over the top that I can't imagine
disliking it I would like when I watch
that movie for the first time and I was
an adult I did not see when I was like
10 and then just you know grandfather my
enjoyment of that film into existence to
this day I saw it as an adult I was like
this is a fantastic parody of action
movies while also being a like I don't
know if I'd say a good action movie but
hilarious nonetheless that's the movie
I'll go to bat for I think everybody has
have some that's where I'll go to bat
for I mean little Steven is not what we
were looking for there but I'm mostly
looking for a deal with the angel which
we should get because we have goat head
and then we'll we'll drop the angel
statue up the president there's what I
mean to say and we could if you void the
present I think you get to keep using it
I mean I kind of deserve to get hit
there I'll be honest with you oh but you
can't avoid the present we shouldn't
have used it we shouldn't they used it
that was dumb anyway Sam sir forget is
this okay I thought for a second I
thought that the sensor with the item
that gave us 100% deal with the devil
chance and I was like well we already
have that so I handled this deal with
the devil quite poorly we should have
gone you know void present and then we
could have gotten an item every time we
use it that's actually a huge risk
so I'll take responsibility for that I'm
not going to avoid this I'd rather go
back and void the void The Satanic Bible
so that effectively there's zero chance
we can ever die on this run this is like
I literally looked over at my monitor
and was like how's the preview window
looking all bad frame rate I must have
gotten a Skype message in the time it
took me to turn my head from left to
right to see the monitor I had gotten a
Skype message what a world
so we're going to get mad spirit arts
here good kid maad spirit arts and boys
the fun item it's kind of like crooked
penny but slightly different value
proposition slightly different on it but
a fun item to use nonetheless and
apollyon is a good add into the game in
my opinion for basically the reason that
this item is guaranteed to exist in some
situations well heads downwards here and
it choose to ignore the fact that there
was a battery charge which meant I
totally could have voided the present if
I just hadn't used it and then also
still voided Satanic Bible but you're
going to make mistakes in your life and
you know I hesitate to dig too much into
those like I'm going to be the Bob Ross
of the binding of issac sort of thing
but you know you got a you got to accept
it at points in your life you're going
to make mistakes I'll give you a great
example actually I am and this is not
brag bragging at all here not
intentionally at least I'm a good
student I pride myself you know I'm
taking like one to two classes a
semester in programming that means I get
a lot of time to focus on each class and
I would take more of a female
nice that I have plenty of time to focus
on my work as well so I pride myself on
doing well in my classes recently I got
back an assignment I did I got a mark
that I thought was really really bad
and I was like what happened and I
looked at it and I realized that I had
actually just forgotten it is a coding
class we're at the hand in paper
assignments weirdly enough but anyway
that's beside the point
I looked at and I realized that I'd
actually just forgotten the hand in one
of the files that was basically
compulsory for the assignment so I cost
myself about 30 percent of the
assignment mark just due to
administrative failure on my fault at
first I was like you know not really
what was me I mean I already I have a
degree so I mean it's I'm not trying to
again is not bragging but it's like this
is kind of just like a it's mostly for
personal growth and for fun but it was
totally needless but you know I tried
not to beat myself up too too hard over
it because it's just you know no matter
what you do in your life you should
treat things that you care about with
care if that's not obvious you know in
the in the naming convention you're
going to make mistakes can't beat
yourself up over over any of them for
too long now I mean if you're looking at
your cell phone while driving and crash
into somebody and you know they're
injured yeah you mean you should beat
yourself up over that one you were being
a selfish inconsiderate in degenerate
and you've caused harm to somebody that
probably didn't necessarily deserve you
should beat yourself up over that one
for a while but you know not not for the
rest of your life you got to get over
things now what prompted this
conversation that's right it was a
misuse of an item in a video game so I'm
not gonna I'm not going to act like it's
if that Headey of a thing you know what
let's reroll the whole run I'm ready
get out of here peace pinky void oh we
have we have anti-gravity horn brimstone
shots we're a little slower than we used
to be all you can do you know oh dude we
need dull razor we need to all raise it
as simple as it comes here all you can
do with mistakes is you know learn from
them and endeavor not to make them in
the future your you might be young and
if that is the case you
it might be naive not all not young
people and I even not all nice people
are young however you know people say
that you know when I was younger they
are you gonna make mistakes don't beat
yourself up is be for yourself if you
make mistakes I'm on my way to being a
perfect adult I'm gonna figure it out
I'm going to be the one you're not going
to be the one it doesn't exist as long
as we're as long as we're human beings
and non machines we're going to make
mistakes and you got a got to do your
best to not make the same one again but
you know make mistakes that are
productive you can't be afraid of
mistake making necessarily I do not I
don't want this I want to be big I know
I don't want this I want IV big because
I want to be able to use varicose veins
to crap on enemies you know at my
leisure come on you got this you guys
I will go extremely aggressive on this
it's also going to give us a max level
Bumbo so or at least it's going to help
us on the road to bumbo ISM okay we're
getting in a little bit of dangerous
territory I'm also picking up a lot of
the money it's kind of not what I asked
for okay yeah that's enough that's
enough
he's done it was it worth it no probably
not but our speed is definitely better
now and two blood bags sure that's fine
I still wanted IV bag more but two blood
bags is is totally okay by me and at
least we that was probably going to be
our last play either way so the fact
that it worked for us is very nice but
they made sure it was going to be our
last play now I'll just be honest with
you I hate anti graph with brimstone
unless your rate of fire is like soy
milk level it's pretty garbage but
oh I forgot me a dark bum like a via the
reroll obviously so and dark bum really
makes it very very tough for us to lose
even though we we threw away our our
easy win I'm still feeling like this is
beyond set in stone basically or at
least we've got a great chance no
absolutely will Emperor out right away
we're leaving behind our teleport card
but we also saved a little bit of HP in
the process just wanted to get him to
fall on the portal and it's exactly how
that went down still a little bit of a
wonky run I think it's fair to say we
need Bumbo to take care of like a little
enemies I was just about to get angry
that we didn't get a deal with the devil
would have been a little silly
considering we literally just walked
into a deal with the devil but this
doesn't happen often on an Azazel run
but I would say like we need some damage
you know considering we've had so many
great spacebar ends over this runs a
little surprising but we could we could
really use a great spacebar as well I
mean you know the gist of how we got to
this point I'm sure
there we go that's IV bag so IV bag is
insanely good what I actually want to go
along with this is I mean more HP is
fine but if we could get bloody penny
then effectively no enemy can stop us
now obviously we don't have unlimited HP
so there's sort of like you don't got to
be a little cautious about things but
you know I am also cognizant of the fact
that this allows us to deal way more
damage than we'd ever have the
opportunity to deal otherwise probably
it can be quite spun but a great rate of
fire increases the cost of some speed
well worth it I think we should go for
more options
if we could get like a reusable now
bumble this isn't for you if we could
get a reusable way to you've got one
more floor if you get a reusable way to
get hearts
we're so set we're already in a great
spot and we're going to hit max level
Dumbo basically I think as a direct
result of the fact that we have IV bag
we're going to hit it faster at least as
a result of that we don't need to get
another spirit heart but yeah one that's
good but let's not spend two bombs on it
we might be able to make a good play on
boss rush too but bloody penny would be
a really really nice for making that
happen
for now we'll just let let Bumbo do his
thing
although B maybe would want the money
but it's not really necessary right now
I resent that we're having to be a
little picky on the what enemies we use
our best abilities against but hopefully
we can pull that back as soon as
possible Baba is max level Bumbo we've
done it he's ready to go okay Samson's
luck not will we need Tammy's head sorry
Gabby said Guppies head is not actually
that good for us we need the harmik card
though I mean it's good I didn't we
should pick it up and I almost was a big
idiot by not picking it up but we we
don't need it to make the run work
I think we might have a Maggie's bow and
I just haven't noticed because we got so
much stuff on our head to begin with
because I think we picked up a half
heart and encountered as a full heart
which would be fantastic news we're
really looking like I I don't care about
having the cancer trigger to this point
of course having our rate of fire go up
is great but the red hearts you know
what was the guy's name from lost
Desmond the red hearts
Desmond it's all about the red hearts
it's all we need to pop off on this run
oh man you know I'm not trying to be too
impatient we really just recently got
this energy to work but if it could come
to fruition that would be nice gimpy
probably actually does it because it's
going to give us a high percentage
chance of getting red hearts from
enemies that we kill so which is good
because apparently the hell it exists
otherwise luck upgrade chaos scar okay
we got a chaos cardigan but we don't
need it yet we want to use the chaos
card against hush if possible wait can
we hold two cars later we had polydactyl
but then we've rerolls like our whole
run 20 times that make sense okay Plan C
we certainly do not want so I'll blow
you up we're gonna make boss rush we
can't buy the spirit eyes that make
sense full health range upgrade it's
actually still pretty good and you Jam
so I think we're out obviously that's
the magician now that I think about it
so effectively I was like we're going to
get a spirit out back anyway might as
well use this for a couple a couple
rooms of goodness hopefully is it I'm
just saying
red hearts normally are not this hard to
come by not suggesting some kind of
conspiracy just wondering where my red
hearts are at considering I have five
luck and Kim P and I just need red
hearts to like you know do their thing
here for me to pop off to an absurd
degree but anyway it's well worth the
cost of doing business there no dark
bomb these are my red hearts you jerk
we definitely want that even if it's not
going to pop right away we'll take this
but don't suck me into the portal I
don't want to go prong ptosis is like
ten out of ten the hearts are admittedly
surprisingly tempting but you know what
I'm actually gonna try this on for size
don't let dark bum take all your all
your HP here I really we're just we're
close to making the dream come true here
which is why I'm protective of I mean
we're getting a lot of spirit hearts
regardless because of the fact that we
have Gympie to begin with but
please Oh got him pretty good
I don't think we're going to ruin this
for ourselves we should be smart but I'm
like where are the red hearts dude I'm I
ain't even mad I'm just stunned dark
bombs taking them all that's it's a
secret the truth comes out
at this point we're kind of cemented in
look Aki the enemies are dying they're
not giving me the drops before dark bomb
gets them so tight squeeze man I'm also
just missing a lot of the drops we
apparently have like literal permanent
polaroid invincibility
that was better
I guess the ground being completely red
is in helping the situation here like
literally every every half spirit art
that you pick up is so valuable in terms
of killing enemies and generating spirit
hearts for yourself for that matter that
missing just a few has thrown us like a
little bit out of whack here
can we finished it we got crickets body
which is a nice tears up I don't know
though that was that was weird I'm not
sure we handled that I oh I mean I'll
just guarantee you we didn't handle that
properly I'm not doing the Delirium
fight at least not right now I would
like to get uh that was pretty poor but
like to get 1/2 red heart please I'm
losing my mind
and the reason I'm losing my mind is
because up to this point I'm not
suggesting like a you know there was a
change in the game necessarily but most
of the time Gympie gives you so many red
hearts that it's actually annoying the
fact that we're getting what appears to
me to be like almost none is crazy so
we're basically just doing this or pop
it in here and we're pressing the
spacebar twice probably probably didn't
even need the press the second time but
I stand by it
hey the speed upgrades nice hey tanks we
got spun I also got some HP out of it
we'll head down to the next floor no
deal with the devil but that's
completely ok just don't squander the
run do the run is the run is innocent
and also very very good and this fun
pick up you know for extra damage not
insignificant we got spun and Sun
everything the body needs on this one
please do it he's like shadowing me get
out of here you dark bum jerk
taking all my red hearts before I can't
even see him because the portals are
covering them up half the time I got
pretty lucky there okay that belongs to
me this also belong here do we take half
damage there now we took a full heart
that's fine and we're really like this
is a very very strong run as long as the
red hearts hold up which so far they
have been a little iffy on but I mean
I'm thinking that's like largely my
fault as the case may be just give me
more red hearts that's good this runners
like and I'll apologize for it but it's
come off the rails a little bit mostly
because of just the fact that it's very
strange it's it's like a IV bag to deal
damage run but then this jerk is taking
all my red hearts despite the fact that
most of the time it's like one of my
favorite items dark bomb that is mostly
the only reason I'm probably even better
than I have Reese's but the only reason
I'm messing around at all with the with
IV bag is a varicose veins is really fun
when it works
ohoo deal I'm not fighting huh sure this
set up I think it's just asking for
trouble and be anti grab with like a
really short range brimstone lasers just
sort of frustrating to deal with so we
found a found a way to circumvent a
situation in a way that's that's fun
just need to make sure that we are doing
so in a way that's safe
and the jury's cut out to be honest how
house way how do you not take damage
there someone got dusted okay you know
what you gave me a spirit art I am not
even mad except a little bit and the
dream is really that we use a spirit
hard to deal damage let me get a spirit
heart back because they seem to be
showing up you know as often as red
hearts here I think we've done honestly
might be better off going the flies and
then we can use hematemesis and that's
pretty productive hematemesis for us we
could get Guffey it's not likely but we
could get Guffey
I need it we got max-level Bumbo dealing
some damage as well it's just like
without anti grab this run looks a lot
safer is all I'm trying to say I almost
wish we were in the sort of situation in
which we could like if we had a the
drain you heart right now forget it
Eva's bird heart or whatever um we would
be rolling right now no way to use bird
heart would change nothing disregard
that I'm feeling this run is making me
lose my mind a little bit it's probably
time for this to be the last Isaac run
of the day I'm getting a little sloppy
we didn't need that maybe we want to not
take any red hearts that way we're
always losing spirit arts and
potentially always gaining them might
seem like an obvious strat here but it
isn't in my opinion because most of the
time you have IV bag you want to get as
many red hearts as possible like I need
the red heart so I can play this once
like stop being like too overdramatic I
need the red heart Sally I can't get in
there coz it's too dangerous man I need
the red heart so that I can hurt myself
so that I can only use spirit arts from
that point on with you I'm getting that
here that's the one okay so we're in a
better spot now just let this guy die by
natural laser-based causes I need this
actually because we're going to well and
we didn't need to but we can better to
have to than have one because we can
check this out I don't think I want to
play you it's just a little too
dangerous right now don't pick up red
hearts red hearts belong to dark bomb
now despite the fact that I'll really
understand what I'm doing a pyramid so
now
we're using IV bag red hearts go to dark
bum who can give us spirit hearts this
is just like a pivot of our strategy and
spirit Arts will be generate from
getting hit ourselves we just pick up to
make up for the fact that we took damage
I'm thinking maybe there is a there is
something that makes the dreamwork in
there don't want to go too deep on on
this like at all so we get hit you know
if we deliberately hurt ourselves a
couple times per room things are going
to start to get a little scary we should
also let Bumbo pick up the all the coins
the other thing that this run could
really do with is just a little bit of
patience honestly and you know I mean
I'm not above singing the Guns & Roses
song I've been walking the streets at
night just trying to get it right and I
need you it's more like old Axl like not
the axle from old the axilla is old
[Music]
again these belong to you so you can get
okay well you know what pop perks here
that's that's as close to like an
indication as I can give you that this
proof of concept for this run will work
Isaac's getting dust like no time flat
and nothing here really sells it got a
tears upgrade ten bombs Virgo virgos
occasional longer invincibility so there
is this value not sure it's that good
but something whipworm avea Slee on the
run like this not really our our biggest
concern I picked up a red hard but
that's you know the good thing about
that is that there's always going to be
more will just try to like spam some
anti-graft portals now and now that I've
actually taken the time to realize how
quickly I can spam out these
since I'm like live I messed around with
this finicky like IV bag strat and then
I press the spacebar next to an enemy
and I go alright that's why because it's
flippin sweet but you know it as a
secondary attempt you could do a lot
worse than like once every two seconds
being able to put out a portal that is
just going to murder most enemies should
have gotten the HP there well the great
thing about this run the run is very
good it's just I'm experimenting with it
in like putting ourselves in a weird
spot
it's basically what's happening but the
great thing about this run is that we
know if we walk into the boss fight and
we have the ability to press the
spacebar blue baby is basically going to
die we'd like to have the ability to
press the spacebar twice if possible
little shad a little too little and but
it's not too late it just is it's later
than I'd like it to be it's like a happy
ending but why did we wait so long
maybe beelzebub no we only got two so we
again blue baby is just so highly dusta
belen it why why do it first off no
streak secondly we should be able to
dust delirium there's there's so many
ways that delirium gets dusted go in
with full health and a perk spill and
deliriums dusted we just mash the
spacebar until it dies so we're going to
try to get back to full HP basically
we've got a nice damage bonus as well
like I'm feeling a love there it really
actually does it really does not matter
whether I think the hearts or okay
let's go scary doesn't really matter
right now whether I think the hearts or
blue baby takes the hearts what does
matter is that we don't take damage and
also that we fight delirium lasts or
it's not fast at least we got some work
to do first but I think this is actually
a chance for redemption so I'm very
grateful that we've been given this
opportunity I am going to use I'm going
to use our varicose vein strat but I can
only use it once I know we're safe to
use it if that makes sense like lovers
card that's very good I needed I want it
to generate a lot of red hearts so that
we can use them or dark bomb can use
them so the way that that happens is
like we're taking these for now because
we want them but the way that that
happens is we find a very home Thank You
infamy but a very busy room it's not
this room dude infamy you're the
greatest okay we're at full HP now we
can start the pop so now we start
hopefully not using too many red hearts
verb gives us another range uphill
justice card more HP's oh it ended rock
no kidding
to spirit heart let's go maybe we don't
need to get finicky with it maybe I'm
just trying to come up with excuses to
use our easy way out more often I think
we should just slow down except the
spirit hearts that we get for free as
being an awesome bonus and then when we
fight delirium just you know shoot our
whole lot all at once aqua rate a phrase
that them I think you understand what I
mean if you don't what I mean is we're
going to walk into that room we're going
to stand next to delirium we're going to
press space we're going to wait till our
invincibility wears off and they're
going to press space again because it
gives us that gives max time for bumbo
to do a bumbo wants to do rip of greed
is irrelevant right now
and I actually don't cause pretty bad I
don't care about fighting delirium last
anymore
I think we're ready I know it changed
pretty quickly but a perk spill would be
nice you know algae's doesn't really
matter that much the HP is it's good it
gives us another like a little leg up on
the situation but this is what we want
we want to kill multi segmented enemies
so that they have a huge chance to drop
things that can turn into spirit arms
all right could a tiny room probably not
a delirium fight full HP though too hard
that's actually enormous so we basically
do not care about that but this could be
delirium I'm ready I'm ready to crap on
monster it to boss is I'm going to hit
we can't lose IV bag so we can't you
can't make the call here I take more red
hearts it would it would work
hopefully this serves there's a little
bit of redemption for a run that we
played quite spottily I'll admit to what
clubs 82 bones it's it's good if our
bombs are a little bit better but you
know it's not it's not bad because
they're our bombs are bad too
still more bombs either way come on dude
I mean I'm just making idle chitchat
here will you pay out with thank you
the more red hearts the merrier I don't
really know that's a tiny skull that's
just part of the ground why did that
shoot at a 45-degree angle yeah okay
item maybe I'm losing my mind
get in here you don't you know I've been
treating these low range brimstone
lasers if they're a huge negative we
should really just treat them as if
they're turrets
use the turrets Thank You Bumbo use the
turrets to deal damage sure there's a
chest back there if Chester on to infamy
is the star of the show if if chests
were guaranteed to give us items no
problem
second two of hearts I'm starting to
think somebody up there likes me
I don't know if I can stomach playing
another judgement at this point getting
a little on the ridiculous side with the
judgments we I almost don't think we can
lose
we can't take two two of hearts in but
we basically have one and a half times
our existing amount of HP I would be
surprised if you lose could be delirium
I almost want it to be at this point so
we can finish this this curse to run but
we're gonna get it
dim-bulb highly relevant okay last
assist cool not what I wanted at all a
bunch of pills we should take them it's
no reason not to take them should take
tears up tears up does not work but nice
to know hematemesis is worse than two of
hearts but they both you know they got
they got their merits
I still think something about this run
is like it's a little bit of a cruel
joke like to give me all this this the
most convenient way that's hilarious to
deal damage and then not give me the
amount of red hearts necessary to do it
because all of our red arts are being
siphoned by you know the usurper dark
bombs I ain't mad I'm just sort of like
we're we got all the items necessary for
a wicked synergy and you you took it all
away and then you shoved it in my face
and now those are just the lyrics to
that song by puddle of mud can you take
it all away
I mean yes it is you got me the Delirium
fight cannot be down there so instead we
continue what feels like the world's
longest run and I told you just because
it's azazel run doesn't mean you know
it's guaranteed to be you know a say me
kind of boring snooze fest this is a
this is not a snooze fest in my
estimation at least I'll go to this with
one less HP and maybe that's you know
silks silk slippers down the staircase
you know the beginning of the end but I
think we got it okay ish get dusted Gish
welcome to the dusting party sure it's
latchkey
not against it go back I don't think
it's a half red heart it's a half red
heart forget a second half red heart
we'll work it in but now you're speaking
my language
and or offering me a Vegemite sandwich
delirium Satan all right but like at
some point there's going to be the
delirium flight of the thing and once
once we get that then you know the
world's our oyster very very easy money
I don't want to use compost because I
might accidentally turn IV bag into
spiders I don't think it does that but I
think it is worth not us being silly
about
was that the damage out of nearsighted
friend because I don't think I've ever
been as impressed with nearsighted
friend as I was right there which is a
big surprise for an item that's again
been in the game for 200 years so maybe
maybe nearsighted friend has brought it
back completely get dusted to dustings
what's one dusting because it's one dust
one bank okay we need I need a half
heart nice nice
are we ready this has got to be it right
what it's the world's longest floor I
didn't think it was possible for a floor
to be this long this there's no question
we got all way I wanted both of them it
doesn't really matter but okay
we've got invincibility out of Virgo
that means we wait
yeah wait and deal as much damage as
possible with your own brimstone lasers
there's no reason to hurt ourselves we
might as well wait till our
invincibility is almost up and then pop
it yeah I mean we're gonna win the Virgo
invincibility oh my god you got totally
crapped on there the Virgo invincibility
was too good so wait is it you know a
little bit of redemption towards the end
of this run let's go anyway we're good
thanks for watching that's two in a row
it's a start you enjoyed it click the
like button upside a great deal of
course subscribe you wanna see more in
the future but for now thanks for
watching and I will see you next time